hey guys well I'm fishing a new venue
today for the first time this but here
it is it's the Flint River their zone i
get my rod set up to Roger it they're
the right ones basically cast about
seven feet from the shore line over
there the left rooms way out there by
that island then I have got a lot over
there just cast out probably right over
there so a lot of big cart come out of
here and there are some ghost car p or
two so there's been carp here called
over 30 pounds of that so a lot over 20
yeah I'm hoping to get some big ones so
wish me a lot hopefully next time you
see me I have some yeah
here we are at the Flint River and
Austin's got one on Brendan's going to
be in the net man
i'm watching yours Brendon
Oh
oh well it's got a beautiful part fruit
Flint River first-ever fish in there 14
silences River show them the river right
there well you catch them on double time
knocks good flight well after well um
Scully's in about 20 minutes since I got
that first fish now I'm gonna catch that
right now oh hey Jesse where I had it
biscuit right there smell it island
still channel that I'm still there man
so I can't believe the size of that last
card came out of this small little river
right here it's small but that fish
fought to a fight really hard in here
they're very smart fighters because
they've got a lot of snags in here I've
run into was actually fisherman a weed
bed and all these weeds on my line right
after I got that car but yeah am i
robbing the waterfall me about I'd say
30 minutes should be getting their feet
on in a little bit so
I'm happy with that so far but yet
another one yes later
I just got a small little common carp on
da capo boilie very small you couldn't
even fit the beat in his mouth there is
delicious fish
you